Design an algorithm to solve the following problem. Given a sequence of integers, verify if every triple of consecutive elements contains exactly two elements greater than or equal to 5 and at least two even elements. For example, the sequence [2, 8, 5, -2] is a positive instance of the problem, as both the triple [2, 8, 5] and the triple [8, 5, -2] contain exactly two elements greater than or equal to 5 and at least two even elements. The sequence [6, 8, 5] is instead a negative instance of the problem, as there exists a triple of consecutive elements that does not contain exactly two elements greater than or equal to 5 (but rather 3). Similarly, the sequence [7, -2, 3] is a negative instance of the problem, as there exists a triple of consecutive elements that does not contain at least two even elements.

(1.5 pt) Provide a concise description of the problem specification.
(1 pt) Indicate the type of problem (accumulation, counting, existential verification, universal verification, search, minimum/maximum).
Write a C program maggiori5Pari in which the following are defined:
(6 pt) A function maggiori5Pari with parameters:

an array of integers; and an integer representing the length of the array.
The function returns 1 if every triple of consecutive elements contains exactly two elements greater than or equal to 5 and at least two even elements; otherwise, it returns 0.
(2.5 pt) A main function that manages the user interaction. The main function must:
ask the user how many integers are in the sequence and read the user’s input;
ask the user to input the integers of the sequence, read the integers provided by the user, and store them in an array;
call the maggiori5Pari function, providing it with the reference to the sequence of integers just read and its length;
print a message to the user indicating whether every triple of consecutive elements in the sequence contains exactly two elements greater than or equal to 5 and at least two even elements, or whether there exists a triple of consecutive elements that does not satisfy this property.
