Design an algorithm to solve the following problem. Given a sequence of integers, verify if there exists a triple of consecutive elements such that at least two elements of the triple have a sum between 10 and 20 (inclusive), and exactly two elements of the triple are equal. For example, the sequence [1, 7, 4, 4] is a positive instance of the problem, as there exists a triple of consecutive elements (the triple [7, 4, 4]) such that at least two elements (7 and 4) have a sum between 10 and 20, and exactly two elements are equal (the two elements with value 4). The sequence [6, 6, 6] is instead a negative instance of the problem, as there are two elements of the triple with a sum between 10 and 20, but it does not contain exactly two equal elements (instead, all 3 are equal). Similarly, the sequence [12, -3, -3] is a negative instance of the problem, as the only triple of consecutive elements has exactly two numbers equal, but does not contain two elements whose sum is between 10 and 20.

(1.5 pt) Provide a concise description of the problem specification.
(1 pt) Indicate the type of problem (accumulation, counting, existential verification, universal verification, search, minimum/maximum).
Write a C program UgualiCompresi in which the following are defined:
(6 pt) A function ugualiCompresi with parameters:

an array of integers; and an integer representing the length of the array.
The function returns 1 if there exists a triple of consecutive elements such that at least two elements of the triple have a sum between 10 and 20 (inclusive) and exactly two elements of the triple are equal; otherwise, it returns 0.
(2.5 pt) A main function that manages the user interaction. The main function must:
ask the user how many integers are in the sequence and read the user’s input;
ask the user to input the integers of the sequence, read the integers provided by the user, and store them in an array;
call the ugualiCompresi function, providing it with the reference to the sequence of integers just read and its length;
print a message to the user indicating whether a triple of consecutive elements exists such that at least two elements of the triple have a sum between 10 and 20 (inclusive) and exactly two elements of the triple are equal, or whether such a triple does not exist.
